# Minutes for Sept 27 2022

Attendance
Developer community:
Anusheel Bhushan (Plank)
Ben Hart (MLabs)
Colin Hobbins (Lode)
Santiago Carmuega (TxPipe)

Interested parties:
Addie Girouard (IOG)
Adriana Saez (IOG)
Aric Chang (CFund)
Dominika Kopec (IOG)
Hans Lahe (IOG)
Ignacio Calderon (IOG)
Johnny Nguyen (DCF/IOG)
Simon Thompson (IOG)
Ziyang Liu (IOG)

Minutes:

1. Update on DevExp Working group Survey
- Anusheel: we have sent the survey to 12 recipients, 4 of which have responded
- Ben: can we get a larger samples size? 
- Anusheel: yes, Ignacio is coordinating
- Ben: great, i'll get some contacts to Ignacio and coordinate from there

2. 'State of Cardano' Survey
- Johnny: the sentiment is quite favorable overall
- Ben: Yes, but there may be some ways methodology or sample distribution mislead us here
- Ignacio: only about 25% of respondants are professional developers, this includes many hobbyists or non-developers
- Simon: Can we ask for the dataset?
- Ben: It's actually open sourced already
- Simon & Ignacio agree that it is worthwhile to look at filtered data sets to see if new insights can be found

3. Next steps on listed proposals/issues & Concrete action planning
- Ben: I have a lot of issues i'd like to fill in, and i should even have some time to get to some of them this week. I can commit to: Multi-lang support listing, E2E example dApps, Documentation, and Layer 1 scaling and thruput for dApps as some issues i can get started this week.
- Colin: It would be great to have some Coordination among Wallets, dApp developers and toolmakers for some critical infra, especially networks availability. Maybe a short writeup about the differences between the testnets as well.
- Ben: That would really help in the way of formalizing expectations around existing developer-facing infra. The https://book.world.dev.cardano.org/environments.html resource really needs to be publicized
- Simon: The relevant technical writer is currently on leave.

Discussion ended with Ben, Colin and Santiago each committing to at least 1 issue - this way even if one of us gets sidelined, we can have a meaningful conversation at the next DEWG meeting.


