# Minutes for Dec 13, 2022

# attendance

Alexeusgr
ASaezIOG
asutherlandus
BenHart-mlabs
Colin Hobbins
Hans Lahe
Igodlab
Jingles
jamesdunseith-gimbalabs
Matthias [LOXE]
Nyk
Phillip DiSarro
Santiago [TxPipe]
Sebastian Pabon
Simon Thompson
Skywalker
Steve Lockhart
szist
waalge


# Minutes:

1. Well-architected framework

- James:  This project will open up a lot of critical information for cardano developers, we have created a draft outline around several key priorities: Reliability, Security, Cost Optimization, Performance, Decentralization, Scalability,  UX/UI
- Nyk: Consider including Documentation as a Pillar. Would be great if documentation included minimal examples around API usage.
- Alexeusgr: Could you provide a good and bad example of documentation
- James: One way to check if a new pillar belongs on the list is: could you fill out a set of principles, best practices, and reference implementations. 
- Nyk: I'll either send it to you or send a PR to Santiago's fork of the repo.
- Santiago: What if we expand the scope of 'documentation' to a broader mission of 'maintainability', which may include versioning, change management, etc.
- Nyk: Maintainability is somewhat more internally focused - i would seperate it because it faces external users, rather than something that can be adopted as an internal development team.
- James: Anything else feel like it it may be missing
- Simon: Testing likely belongs here, and recommended tooling may spin out of that
- Nyk: Testing feels like it's cross-cutting across the other pillars, ie 'Reliability Testing, Performance testing, etc.
- James: It's OK to have some redundancy at least in the early drafts. What about the three subheadings
- Ben: I would suggest 'further reading or related articles'
- James: That sounds reasonable.
- Simon: Once this is complete - we need to think about maintenance and/or versioning.
- Santiago: the goal here is to keep things at the 'best practice' level, so hopefully we won't go out of date as easily as a software dependency.
- James: I've added some notes in my local version about versioning and change management.
- James: For next steps - I'll push some changes based on this conversation.


2. Repository Workflow
- Ben: Happy to discuss this,  though the original intent and systems we built into the charter were really just enough to get us to the current point.  The goal is that each co-chair would have merge rights and that all PR's would require at least 1 review. I don't have a strong opinion about the Well-architected framework being in our repo or in an external one.
- Igodlab: How can we make sure the process is clear to people from the repo?  How can a user contribute or volunteer,  and find the discord from the github repo & vice-versa?
- Phillip: We also need some level of community engagement - otherwise people will burn out and there will be no incentive for others to contribute. This could be a Hackathon, or some community Twitter Event. Something to incentivice actual contribution.
- James: I agree - this ought to be incentivised work.
- Igodlab: Perhaps other platforms should receive updates & visibility when we make progress.
- Ben: at the very least i'll go through the repo and capture anything obviously out of date
