# Development Experience Working group - Tuesday, Sept 6 2022

## Agenda:

1. Ger Maroney & Andrew Sutherland - DevExp Working Group Purpose
2. developer survey from @francolq 
3. proposals review
4. decision making framework
5. Can IOG provide any existing intelligence or statistics?

## Minutes

1. Gerard Maroney & Andrew Sutherland - DevExp Working Group Purpose
Gerard:
- After Vasil's release, we (IOG) need to get better at hearing the community.
- We'd like to have stronger communication with the community where the community can write down and help prioritize issues
- IOG cannot pay for all work across the board, but we are willing to work together to find solutions, co-operate with other actors, and work with developers and catalyst to see these issues addressed.

Andrew:
- Previous meetups and dialogues have been very rewarding, 
- we need a scalable way to gather feedback and priorities around pain-points

Simon:
- this can be an opportunity to avoid duplication of effort (such as chain-index replacements)
- find tools created at individual companies and make the solutions general

Johnny:
- Sounds like we are at a point of surfacing and putting all of the issues on the table so that we can get our arms around the challenges, opportunities and priorities. 

2. developer survey from @francolq
Anusheel:
- Plank labs has developed a questionnaire which we could use for initial understanding of the ecosystem and which tools are being used in production.
Johnny:
- What are the goals? are there hypotheses you want to test?
Santiago:
- it removes our survivorship and other biases

the following agenda items were tabled for next week due to time considerations:
3. proposals review

4. decision making framework

5. Can IOG provide any existing intelligence or statistics?

