# Minutes for Tues, 2022-11-01

## Attendance:
IOG:
Adriana Saez
Andrew Sutherland
David Arnold
Hans Lahe
Johnny Nguyen
Joseph Fajen
Michael Peyton Jones (MPJ)
Simon Thompson
Ziyang Liu

Developer community:
Ben Hart (MLabs)
Charles Augu (Cardashift)
Colin Hobbins (Obsidian/Lode)
Santiago Carmuega (TxPipe)
Zhao Tan

## Minutes:

1. Long term GHC support - MPJ
- currently moving to support 9.2
- will create a public policy about migrations
- no long term backwards compatibility support for older compilers
- for a compiler version to be considered, we need to know that there are not show-stopper bugs against Windows or other less-supported platforms
- The ecosystem also needs to catch up to a given compiler version such that we can feasibly move to it without forking dependencies.

Ben: How can you issue a deprecation warning that 8.10 support is going away?
MPJ: We don't really have a release process or official channel for this
People need to be able to read them and know that they exist
Perhaps we can establish something working with the group in this meeting.
Something standard like github releases would be nice because it has an RSS feed.

Ben: Perhaps we can make some recommendations for channels over the coming weeks
MPJ: That would be welcome, Also we are working on making our work friendlier to outside open source contributions, including Contributing docs, etc.

Santiago: automating changelogs from commit messages can be really helpful when making sure changelogs get written


2. Cardano World - David Arnold
- (Code tour of nix code)
- David: Cardano World represents a compedium of A) Documentation and B) nix derivations to run and deploy working testnets
- Ben: It would be great to know what will be included in the future documentation
- David: Right now it's largely limited to protocol parameters and cost models

3. Congested Testnet - Ben
Ben: we have a new proposal for a congested testnet following on from Colin's suggestion at the last meeting. MLabs intends to propose it to Catalyst fund 10.
Andrew: How much of this is new development?
Ben: only the simulation aspect
Colin: I believe Andrew from DripDropz has some capabilities for automated hammering
Ben: If you could look into it and add it either to the PR or original issue that would be really helpful.  The main goal is to try to get this group some kind of early success story as a model for others.

4. Other business: Cryptographic Primitives
Tan: I'm particularly interested in the BLS Pairing functions, since they are vital for Zero-Knowledge Proofs.
Andrew: There are some concerns with those. They will likely be worked on during 2023, however we're not quite sure if some of these primitives can fit within our cost restrictions, additionally we have a finite number of primitive operations we can add and so we need to be careful as we select them.
Ben: it would be most useful early on if you can pick out specific functions from those cips and make a comment on them about which functions are most critical to your usecase.  There may also be a possible saving grace in the Bitwise Primops feature which we are hoping will land early next year.
