# Minutes for Developer experience working group 2022/01/17

## Attendance
alexeusgr
AndrewWestberg
Anita Jovic
Fayyaadh
Hans Lahe
Ignacio
James Dunseith
Jonathan777
Philip DiSarro
Santiago [TxPipe]
Sebastian Pabon
Simon Thompson
Steve Lockhart
waalge
Whatever [SIDAN]
WoodlandPools

## Minutes
1. Agenda setting
 - Ben: well we have some changes to Charter & Readme
 - Alex: Simon, would it be useful to have a discussion about fuzzing or mutation testing.
 - Simon: Perhaps we should have Romain join for next week - he leads the certification program now.

2. Charter & ReadMe Revisions
Ben: I've posted a revision to the readme & charter - please leave a negative review if you disagree, otherwise we'll likely merge later this week

- Also we've resolved some logjams in our merge workflow, we should get a bunch of minutes merged soon

- Ignacio - Can the co-chairs get access to post the agenda on discord please?
Ignacio: I'll add it to my todo

3. Scaling & Batching Solutions
- Andrew: What was the deal with MLabs scaling project?
- Ben: It's a project called 'Seath' Internally, it's essentially a sidechain where the sidechain nodes operate a batcher. 
  
  
4. Plutus & Nix
- waalge: when is the next plutus pioneers?
- Simon: unknown at the moment, but we are working with Plank Labs and they are writing a tutorial.
- waalge: I am also hitting a lot of barriers with Nix
- Philip: Demeter.run can really help, there are also some good haskell-specific nix tutorials
- Ben: I recommend nix-pills and the haskell.nix manual, but it's still quite incomplete.
- Philip: Would people be interested in having docker-for-everything? IOG used to maintain a docker image for plutus, maybe we should revive it.

