# Minutes for Tues, Sept 20

Attendance
plutus developer community:
Ben Hart (MLabs)
Cody Butz (Indigo)
Deniz Delkilic (Paribus)
interested parties:
Adriana Saez (IOG)
Andrew Sutherland (IOG)
Aric Chang (Wave/CFund)
Dominika Kopec (IOG)
Hans Lahe (IOG)
Simon Thompson (IOG)
Ziyang Liu (IOG)

Minutes:

1. Debugger
- Andrew: Ziyang Liu is working on the debugger
- Ziyang: We're currently planning the first product increment, and deciding between GHCI-based approach or PlutusCore+Sourcemaps approach
- Ben: GHCI would be wonderful - there aren't many tools that give you this tight of a feeback loop and it could really increase developer productivity in plutus - however the semantic differences when executing plutus code vs plutusTx-as-haskell may cause some serious troubles with this approach. 
- Ziyang: MPJ and others on the plutus team share this concern.

2. Readme adjustments to repo
- Ben: I created a readme with key points simplified from the Charter, please add any PR comments by end of day or we'll presume this is ready for merge.
- (some additional discussion around the Charter and some outstanding points on it, as well as discord access steps, and the possibility of moving to a similar discord model as the CIP editor group).

3. Next week's chairperson
- Ben: I am unavailable to chair next week's meeting as i'm travelling, i will be able to attend but it is probably better if someone else prepares the agenda and runs the meeting, perhaps we can invite Planck Labs to chair next week?
(Adriana to follow up)

4. CIP subcommittee
- Andrew: Does it make sense to have a subcommittee facing the current CIPs
- Ben: I think it does, perhaps this can be something we grow as we gain active members, 
- Adriana: Lets start with identifying a list of our top 5 CIPs relating to developer experience?

5. Survey and Invitations
- Ignacio - the survey has gone out to a list of developers, respondants will also be invited to join this group.
