# Minutes for November 8, 2022

Attendance
Developers:
Ben Hart
Santiago Carmuega
Colin Hobbins

IOG:
Adriana Saez
Anita Jovic
Andrew Sutherland
Hans Lahe
Joseph Fajen
Ziang Liu

Minutes

- Additional chairpeople
Ben Hart: we would really like to fill out the roster of co-chairpeople on this working group - let me know if you're interested in contributing more and we can find a good division of labor that suits your ability to contribute.

- documentation issue
Ben Hart: I have created a small list of documentation wishlists based on a survey I ran. There are about 4 key issues so far, but perhaps this can be a running wishlist and other developer teams can add to it.
Ziang Liu: Perhaps narrowing the target audience a bit? there are often high-level articles or some docs in the spec.
Joseph: Perhaps more specificity about what the developer might be trying to do as examples so that we can understand what information would be most critical for each of these.

- deprecation notices
Ben Hart: following on from last week's visit from MPJ - i've made some high level recommendations for channels
Ziang Liu: really changelogs should be on here as well
Ben Hart: those were purposely omitted because MPJ said that changelogs aren't being written
Ziang: Well this needs to change. We should be writing them,  Deprecation pragmas is one option, if we have deprecation pragmas and changelogs that should be sufficient
Santiago: I should mention that in the previous meeting i was not recommending any particular tool for building a changelog from commit messages, just to build it as a practice within the team and to adopt the tool of your choice.
Ben: Ziang, I see you were also asking about Beta API's - i think you can send custom type errors or warnings for this usecase

- Next week's agenda

- Next steps on existing tickets
- focus: Well architected framework
- dApp Testing w/ Simon Thompson

