# Minutes for Developer Experience Working Group - April 11, 2022


Attendance:
AndrewWestberg
Anita Jovic (IOG)
Ben Hart - MLabs
Ignacio (IOG)
IronFortress (George Flerovsky) - MLabs
MattChain (Marshall Swatt)
Nicolas Biri (IOG)
Santiago Carmuega (Txpipe)
Sebastian Pabon
Steve Lockhart


Minutes:
Ben: Today we don't have a well developed agenda, so it will turn into a broader discussion of issues that you're encountering as developers.

George: As someone new to the group - it would be great if you could give a high level review about the goals of the group and issues covered.

Ben: So we have a repository which covers minutes, a charter, issues (problem statements), and Pull Request Proposals - These are proposed solutions that address the issues, which can then be taken on by a sponsor and hopefully get funding.  An example I think that really followed this process was the concept of the 'hellbound' testnet - which essentially was a high-traffic testnet so that protocol developers could see how their systems behave in adverse conditions. Some other examples of issues we've examined are the burden of Nix workflows and lack of Docker support, missing documentation, Caching, the Indexer ecosystem, Emulators and Testing.

George: It might be interesting then to discuss nix-caching for the ecosystem toolchain beyond what IOG provides.  
Santiago: We don't really use nix workflows, but I believe that for developers who do use nix, that it would be helpful.
George: Then it's really a matter of funding at this point.

Marshall: I have a couple of items that i wanted to ask about if I can?
Ben: by all means.
Marshall: we're looking at forking the node so that we can export ledger calculations for chain indexers
Ben: What would be the benefit? what's the usecase?
Marshall: it would be much more efficient for indexers to get staking snapshots and similar delegation information - it might let kupo get down to something like 8GB RAM.
Ben: Anything we can do to reduce the RAM footprint is a great idea.  to my knowledge blockfrost is the only indexer that offers the stake info - it would be great to have this available elsewhere while keeping it lightweight. To that end - there was also a change introduced in the Vasil hardfork that prevents someone trying to set up a 'simple' private network from just creating a central block producing node - instead you now need to walk through the process of registering a stakepool and getting delegation, it certainly adds to the overhead and changes the needs from running a single node to running a cluster.
Marshall: I'll talk with the plutus and node team about that.


Marshall: I'm also quite interested in moving forward around an emulator that maintains an ongoing ledger without all the overhead from the node. (NB: as discussed previously, this would be a language-agnostic stand-alone binary).
George: You may be able to borrow quite a bit from Hydra - as it basically just maintains an in-memory UTXO set without the Ouroboros parts - it's quite lightweight.


Ben: we've run out of time today, Thanks so much to everyone for coming.
